README.md, before:

# scrub-daddy

Discord bot with the following 32 commands:

1. Voting
      + Please Note - `You must be in a voice channel with at least 3 members to participate in a kick/ban vote.`
      + .votekick <`@user`> - `to remove user from channel.`
      + .voteban <`@user`> - `for a more permanent solution.`
      + .vote <`thing to vote for`> - `to do a custom vote.`
      + .voteinfo - `for totals of all custom votes.`
      + .voteinfo <`@user`> - `for total votes to kick/ban that user.`

1. Scrubbing Bubbles
      + .enlist - `enlists the discharged Scrubbing Bubbles to your army.`
      + .discharge - `honorably discharges a Scrubbing Bubble from your army.`
      + .clean <`numBubbles`> <`t|b`> - `send numBubbles to clean toilet/bath.`
      + .army - `retrieves the size of your army.`
      + .army <`@user`> - `retrieves the size of the user's army.`
      + .ranks - `outputs the army size of every user.`
      + .stats - `outputs your clean stats.`
      + .stats <`@user`> - `outputs the user's clean stats.`

1. Time Played
      + .time <`Game Name`> <`@user`> - `user's playtime for the specified Game Name.`
      + .time <`Game Name`> - `cumulative playtime for the specified Game Name.`
      + .time <`@user`> - `user's playtime for all games.`
      + .time - `cumulative playtime for all games.`
      + .opt-in - `to opt into playtime tracking.`

1. Player Count
      + .playing - `player count of games currently being played.`
      + .heatmap - `heatmap of player count for all games.`
      + .who-plays <`Game Name`> - `to get list of players and playtime for Game Name.`

1. Bot Issues, Feature Requests, and Help
      + Please Note - `Your issue title or feature title must be ONE WORD! msg is optional`
      + .issue <`issue-title`> <`msg detailing issue`> - `to submit bot issues.`
      + .feature <`feature-title`> <`msg detailing feature`> - `to submit bot feature requests.`
      + .implement <`task-title`> - `to vote for the next task to complete.`
      + .help, .info, or .helpinfo - `to show help message.`

1. Miscellaneous
      + .p - `to ask @Scrubs to play PUBG in scrubs text channel.`
      + .temp - `Creates a temporary text channel`
      + .temp <`text|voice`> - `Creates a temp text/voice channel`
      + .temp <`text|voice`> <`channel-title`> - `Creates a voice/text channel with the provided title`
      + .join-review-team - `to be added to the review team.`
      + .leave-review-team - `to be removed from the review team.`
      + .color <`colorName`> - `to set your response color preference.`
      + *sb - `to get the list of available soundbytes.`
      + *sb <`name`> - `to play the sound byte of the given name in your voice channel.`
      + *add-sb + `ATTACHMENT IN SAME MESSAGE` - `to add a sound byte.`
      + *fav-sb - `to get the list of your most frequently used soundbytes.`

Public Release Coming Soon. The master branch is not easy to configure.

Commit message:

fortnite-leaderboard now functional. using promised based requests to get player stats. support for @mention stat lookup added. readme updated. help updated.

README.md, after:

# scrub-daddy

Discord bot with the following 49 commands:

1. Voting
      + Please Note - `You must be in a voice channel with at least 3 members to participate in a kick/ban vote.`
      + .votekick <`@user`> - `to remove user from channel.`
      + .voteban <`@user`> - `for a more permanent solution.`
      + .vote <`thing to vote for`> - `to do a custom vote.`
      + .voteinfo - `for totals of all custom votes.`
      + .voteinfo <`@user`> - `for total votes to kick/ban that user.`

1. Scrubbing Bubbles
      + .enlist - `enlists the discharged Scrubbing Bubbles to your army.`
      + .discharge - `honorably discharges a Scrubbing Bubble from your army.`
      + .clean <`numBubbles`> <`t|b`> - `send numBubbles to clean toilet/bath.`
      + .army - `retrieves the size of your army.`
      + .army <`@user`> - `retrieves the size of the user's army.`
      + .ranks - `outputs the army size of every user.`
      + .stats - `outputs your clean stats.`
      + .stats <`@user`> - `outputs the user's clean stats.`

1. Time Played
      + .time <`Game Name`> <`@user`> - `user's playtime for the specified Game Name.`
      + .time <`Game Name`> - `cumulative playtime for the specified Game Name.`
      + .time <`@user`> - `user's playtime for all games.`
      + .time - `cumulative playtime for all games.`
      + .opt-in - `to opt into playtime tracking.`
      + .heatmap - `heatmap of player count for all games.`

1. Gaming
      + .playing - `player count of games currently being played.`
      + .who-plays <`Game Name`> - `to get list of players and playtime for Game Name.`
      + .lets-play <`Game Name|Game Emoji`> - `to ask all players of Game Name if they want to play.`
      + .lets-play -ss <`Game Name|Game Emoji`> - `.lets-play without @mentioning Super ͡Scrubs.`
      + .fornite-stats <`fortniteUserName|@user`> <`gameMode`> <`stat`> - `to lookup fortnite stats for the provided player.`
      + .fortnite-leaderboard <`gameMode`> <`stat`> - `to show the leaderboard for the provided game mode + stat.`
      + .set-fortnite-name <`fortniteUserName`> - `to link your Fortnite account to Scrub Daddy for stat lookup.`

1. Bot Issues, Feature Requests, and Help
      + Please Note - `Your issue title or feature title must be ONE WORD! msg is optional`
      + .issue <`issue-title`> <`msg detailing issue`> - `to submit bot issues.`
      + .feature <`feature-title`> <`msg detailing feature`> - `to submit bot feature requests.`
      + .implement <`task-title`> - `to vote for the next task to complete.
            where task-title is the channel title of the issue or feature.`
      + .help, .info, or .helpinfo - `to show this message again.`

1. Miscellaneous
      + .p - `to ask @Scrubs to play PUBG in scrubs text channel.`
      + .alias <`alias`> <`command to call`> - `creates an alias for the provided command call. 
            e.g. .alias ow who-plays Overwatch ... will allow you to call .ow`
      + .temp - `Creates a temporary text channel`
      + .temp <`text|voice`> - `Creates a temp text/voice channel`
      + .temp <`text|voice`> <`channel-title`> - `Creates a voice/text channel with the provided title`
      + .join-review-team - `to be added to the review team.`
      + .leave-review-team - `to be removed from the review team.`
      + .color <`colorName`> - `to set your role/response color preference.`
      + .shuffle-scrubs - `to randomize the first letter of every Srub's name.`
      + .shuffle-scrubs <`letter`> - `to set the first letter of every Srub's name.`
      + .set-stream <`url`> - `to set the url for either your stream or the stream you are watching.`
      + .toggle-streaming - `to toggle your streaming state on/off, which will update your nickname.`
      + *sb - `to get the list of available soundbytes.`
      + *sb <`name`> - `to play the sound byte of the given name in your voice channel.`
      + *add-sb + `ATTACHMENT IN SAME MESSAGE` - `to add a sound byte.`
      + *fav-sb - `to get the list of your most frequently used soundbytes.`
      + *volume + `ATTACHMENT IN SAME MESSAGE` - `to add a sound byte.`
